You just gotta go out and kick butt. That's all you gotta do. You just gotta kick butt. Welcome to your 20 Minutes Beginner indoor cycling class. We are going to get right into this workout because I do not want to waste any of your time. But before you begin this workout, if you have not checked out this link here, I highly recommend recommend doing so. That is going to tell you everything about my classes, resistance positions and form. But we're going to go ahead and start the warmup music. And as we do, I'm going to explain to you how this workout will go. So let's get into this. I am so excited for this ride because this is our very first beginner ride with a theme. This is a hip hop themed class, so we've got all hip hop jams coming at you right now. So right now, if you have not started your watch and you have one, go ahead and do so make sure you have some resistance on there, starting at your five right here. If you have RPMs, I will call those out during the workout. If you do not have a computer with RPMs, that is totally fine. You do not need one. You can catch the beat. You can follow my leg speed or you can ride wherever you need to. So with our beginner ride, we're going to focus on formalot, so I'm going to be reminding you of that. And I just want you to do your best. You showed up, make it count. And we got to get ready for a speed increase right now for our RPMs. We're 70 80s and we're going to try to pick it up just a little bit here. Let's go. Pick it up right here. Just about 20 seconds. Breathing head is up. Shoulders down. Ten more. Almost there. 4321. It back down. 70s, 80s. Warm up. We need to bring our heart rate up. We need to get the muscles ready to go and we need to focus on our form so we can maintain that through the whole workout. Let's add one. Turn it up to your 6th, just starting to climb that Hill. Now getting a little bit heavier handle or you're light on your handlebars and you've got a light bend in your elbow. Keep your core engaged so you can push down, use those legs and keep your chest up. So that is why I say keep your core engaged. Keep your feet flat here and your knees coming straight in front of you. We're going to get ready to pick it up once more. 4321. Now, come on, picking it back up just a little bit. 510 RPMs. Trying to catch the beat here with our speed increase, which is right around 85. Almost there. 4321 with that holding it right here. Getting ready. Her rate should be coming up by now. Push and pull. This next song that we're going to do is a climb, but we're still going to be warming up a little bit into this song. So take it at whatever pace you need to, but get ready. Fine. Seven slowing those legs down. Now in the 60s, I'll give you a onetwo count too, which can help you get on that beat. So here we are. 1212. If you are riding on an exercise bike that does not allow you to stand like a stationary bike or a recumbent bike, you can still do these workouts. There is no problem with that. And I will give you some modifications here for standing positions that we will come up to. So if you are on a bike or you just prefer not to come up out of the saddle, you can increase your speed just a little bit. If you'd like an extra challenge. When we come up to second position and for third for that climbing position, try to increase your resistance just a little bit. That is only if you're on a bike that does not allow you to stand or you'd prefer to stay in the saddle breathing. We got to get ready, though. We're going to come out to third. And again, if you are just beginning to take this flow, even if you're only up for a few seconds, that is totally fine. Don't ever get discouraged. If you're not doing everything that I'm doing, or if you're not in the exact same feat that I am, you will get there if you do not give up. Don't forget that. Up. Here we are, 1212. Core engaged. Head up, shoulders down, away from your ears. Dump it out. Oh, we can feel it. Four more seconds. We're going to have a seat down. Get ready. Add one more up to eight. That Hill getting a little bit deeper. We are just about through that warmup. And then we're going to be ready to go all in. Push and pull. Are your shoulders down away from your ears. Here are your elbows tucked in. Keeping that chest up. Push pull working through that entire pedal stroke, we're going to bring it back to third. Up right here. 81212. Almost there. 4321 down. And just for the end of this song, it's going to be short, but I want you to challenge yourself. Turn it up. Find nine. Now, come on. 1212. Stop. Try to maintain a smooth pedal stroke. If you cannot take a little bit of resistance off, you always want to keep a smooth pedal stroke that'll help protect your knees. If you have too much resistance on, that can be a little rough on the knees. So I will always remind you of that as well. Turn it down. Now, back to a seven. Got another challenge for you. We are going to be working on jogs and jumps. So again, if you are on a bike that you are not going to stand on, try to increase your speed a little bit. Only while we are doing the jobs or the jobs. Breathe. Two jobs. We come up to second position, so our hands stay right here at the front of the handlebars. Your speed 70 80. Again. There's a range. Bring it up. You may slow down a little bit here, and that is okay. I just want you to focus on your form, keeping that head up, shoulders down, away from your ears, core engaged and shoulders over hip. Eight more. We're going to have a speed in four, three, two. First challenge. You did it. Breathing. Holding that seven. You always want to make sure you have enough resistance to come up out of the saddle again, protecting our knees and also making sure that we're getting the most out of this workout. We're going to bring it back up here shortly. But right now, just focus on your form and pushing and pulling right here. Light on those bars. Use your legs to bring you up as you come up to second position. Eight more. And maybe this is your first time through this workout. You've got your dog for the day. That is fine. You can always come back to this and you will see that if you continue to push and you continue to push, play on these workouts, you will get stronger. I know you will. So do not get discouraged. This is your 1st, 2nd, 3rd time around. You're going to get better at it. I promise that breathing for this last challenge for this junk, we are going to go for jumps. So with jumps, we're going to come up for four counts into that second position and then down into the saddle for four. And we'll repeat that just a few times. But again, if this is your first time, you can just watch them now. If you'd like getting ready in eight, we're going to go up 4321. Up, two, three, four. Bring it down. Two, three, four. Bring it up. Two, three, four down. Use your legs to lift you up and lead with your head up. Almost there. Down. Two, three, four, down. Stay down. Come on. Push it. Holding the seven. We're going to take it down to a six shortly, and then that will be your recovery. 86432 one. Find six. Breathe. Grab a drink. Dry off. All right, we've got speed increases next. All right, catch your breath. I'm going to explain to you how we will go with speed increases and what you need to pay attention to while we do these. So speed increases. Just as it sounds, we are going to be increasing our speed so you'll find a range that you feel comfortable with, but a few things I want to remind you of. Remember your form. Keep your chest up. That's going to help you breathe and also make sure you have enough resistance underneath your feet. That is going to be key to helping you improve your sprint, but also to help you protect your needs. I am a form free if you have not noticed. Yes, but I just want to make sure if you are beginning that you get the white form from the very get, though, because that's what's going to help you get the most out of your workout. It's also going to help you, like, keep going. So if you have the proper muscle memory of what you should be like on the bike, you're going to continue that and it's going to help you in all of your workouts. Breathing. We're going to get ready to pick it up right now. 70s, 80s. And I just want you to pick it up from there. Ten more. Here we go. 4321. Go push in here. Turn it up from here. Find seven. We're going to challenge ourselves in between these speed increases as well. Back, 70s, 80s or wherever you need to be. We still got about 20 seconds. Start building us. Drop it down. Back to your six. Kick it up. We got this. It's. It coming. 4321, go, 4321. Slow it back. Turn it back up to a seven. Find enough resistance. So you have one more foot. How are you doing? We are about halfway through this workout already. You're here. You're taking butt breathing. About 15 seconds. Let's find six. Turn it back down. Start to build it so you will be ready for that speed increase. Here we go. Push. 4321. Okay. We have made it now to another climb. Yes, we have team sprint. And we have team climb right now. It is team climb. But team sprint, you are coming up. Turn it up. Your ace. Two songs left. A climb and a sprint. These are a little bit quicker. 60, 70. Here we are right here. Come on. Stomp it out. You got it almost there. And we're going to have a seat. 4321 down. Well, the seated ones. Let me tell you, building those legs getting stronger. Oh, and burning it out. Good. Hold that. Eight. We're going to find ten today. That is the top of your mounting. That is what it is all about. These workouts are not just to get you stronger on the bike, to help you reach those goals. It's so you can take it out and know how strong you are here and here we're doing it. Come on. Two thirds up. Back in the saddle. Down. Breathing. Five, one, nine. If you slow down a little bit, that is okay. Just keep that smooth. Title stroke highlight. Oh, we got this. We're going to take it out to serve. Four, three, 2110. Five more. Three, two, one. Find seven. Amazing job. That is a tough one. But you're here and you did it high five. Okay. This is it. We are going for sprints. They do come up quick. So breathe in here. Turn it down. 56432. One. Go. 4321. Team friend. Let me hear you. We did it. Turn it up. Back to that seven. We're pushing the sprints today. Breathing one more in 20 seconds. We go breathe. Ten more. Turn it down. Fine. Get ready. This is it all out. Go. You did it. You made it. We have made it to the cooldown. Oh, yes. Oh, my telling you, it's crazy what you can do in 20 minutes. We are making every minute count. Goll. Amazing. Seriously, if I could hug you, if I could Highfive you, whichever you prefer, I would be doing it right now. Virtual all the way. Breathing here, cooling down, holding your sticks. Legs are going to start to slow down because we need to bring the heart rate down. Let the blood slow down from all that, and the muscles calm down so that we can get off the bike. And stretch stretching is just important as the workout. I call it the dessert because it is. Oh, so scrumptious after this, after the main course. But breathing right now. So if you are new, I would love to welcome you to the channel and say, I'm so glad we could work out together. And if you have been here before and kick butt with me, welcome back. It is so awesome to have you. I'm telling you, you get me on this bike. So I want to thank you for that. And if you did enjoy excuse me while I just dry off. If you did enjoy any of the songs, you can find them on my Spotify playlist, which will be down in the description, but right here, let's take it back down. Well, let's take it down to a five. We haven't been to a five in a while, so we're not really going back, but we're at a five. The legs are slowing down just a little pinch more. And I've also started a strength channel now. So if you are all serious about getting those goals and increasing your endurance and strength on the bikes, you can find my strength channel link will be down in the description below. Will also pop up a strength video here, but if not the dessert, you got to go get some. I love you. And thank you for working out with me. I will see you over here.