Retool is the fast way to build internal tools. Suppose we're Amazon and we want a tool to be able to see our customers orders and Mark different orders as gifts. Let's build this together in about five minutes. Take one. So to start off, we probably want to get a list of all our users. So let's write the query to select all from users. Let's see if that works. That looks pretty good. So let's save it and drag on a table component to show this list. Hopefully it's already been prefilled with the data from our query. Now you probably want to be able to search for this table. So let's drag on a text input to act as our search box. Maybe we want to search by first name, so that when we enter, say Ben, then only Ben shows up. So let's modify a query to select all from users where first name equals. And we wanted to equal the value of our text input, which is called text input one. So we just write text input one value and it looks like that worked. And maybe we don't want to have to search for exact first name, so we can change this to use the I like operator and we can add a couple of cheeky wild cards, and this will just make our tool a bit nicer to use. Now. Hopefully once we start typing, our users should start filtering. Great. Now just so that we know what we're looking at, let's drag on a text component that will be our title. Anything in here is actually just marked down or HTML, so we can easily turn that into a title. Awesome. So next we probably want to be able to select a user and then see all of their orders. So let's drag on a new text component to tell us whose orders we're looking at. Now, in the same way that the text input had a value property. The table actually has a selected row property. So if we do table one, dot selected row dot data dot first name, then we should get Ben. Looks like that works. And these are Ben's orders. Once again, let's just turn this into a heading. Great. Now let's write the query that actually selects Ben's orders. So this time we'll be selecting all from orders where user ID equals. Once again, table one selectedrow data ID and save that. Maybe you want to order by when the order was placed, and let's drag on a table component to show the orders. Once again. Hopefully it's been prefilled and we can just select a different user and see their orders too. And you can see that there's a gift column in this table. So maybe we want our tool to be able to Mark different orders as gifts. So we actually have an API end point set up so that when you make a purchase request to the orders endpoint and you pass it the order ID. So this will be this time. Table two. Selectedrow Data ID. And when you set gift through in the body, then it should Mark an order as a gift. And after we run this query, we want to refresh the data in our table so that it shows the latest information. So on success, we want to trigger query too and save that and to actually run this query, we probably want a button. So let's drag on a button. This button will Mark an order as a gift. And on click we want to run query three. Let's see if that works awesome. And finally, maybe you want to be able to export this data to do some analysis. So let's drag on another button here which will export the CSV. We want this button to be Gray and unclick. Instead of running a query, we actually want to export data and the data to export is the data in the orders table, which is actually the same as the data in query two. So we can actually do query to dot data. The file name is maybe just user orders, and we're happy with CSV. So let's see if that works great. You can see that CSV has actually been downloaded. Finally, we can enter end user mode to see article in action so we can search for users. Maybe Louie. We can see Louie's orders. We can Mark different orders as gifts, and we can export data just as we set up. And this is the page that members of our operations team, for example, can easily access and easily do their job with. Finally, we can head back to the retail home page from here, you can manage all of your retail apps. It has all the features you'd expect, including authentication, authorization and audit logs. Thanks for watching. Bye.