Welcome to Zoom Video. This is the Stayathome comedy show. I kinda don't want to do material right now cause all of my jokes are sent DC like before Corona thinking that the Internet shows are going to replace standup comedy is like saying watching porn will replace an orgy. Stay at home. Don't go to work. Help your friend a big campaign. Stay sexy. Wow, I'm standing on my roof in New York City, which as of right now is the country's hot ever. Coronavirus and the city is in lockdown. Something that I've also been missing out on is that I had to cancel my monthly comedy show that I've been hosting for almost two years. But what some comedians have been doing is they've been hosting comedy shows online over video chat rooms, and both audience members and comedians sign in to watch or perform on a comedy show. As a performing comedian myself, it seems so weird performing a full comedy set just to your laptop. So that's what I'm going to try and do. I'm going to try to host a comedy show over online video and see if we can still make some laughter. In the age of quarantine, my question is like, where do I host? Where do I host the show? I mean, that just looks silly. Can you see me? This is Zoom Video. This is the video meeting software that we have been using. Video isn't working. Oh, fuck, Zeke. God fucking damn it. Why is everything so fucking hard? How do you think that looks kind of strange? And were you going to stand on your bed the whole show? I don't know. Right now I'm going to call my co host of my usual show, Irene, to see if she would be down to try and hose the show for video. Oh, Holy shit. Are you sick? I've been exposed to it by three different people. Yeah, you're just being cautious. So now that the March show that we usually run is canceled, would you be down to try just doing it streaming like a live show, like a live show. But it would just be us doing it to our computer and like, no laughter, no audience and no feedback and no looking at people. No hosting a comedy show over video stream was starting to feel like a really bad idea. And given how the show could still be a big, sloppy disaster, I reached out to some of my friends who would be willing to give this kind of show a shot. The Quarantine has been particularly hard for me because in particular, I am a psycho, insane bitch. This is how I spent the first four days of Quarantine, and I started painting action figures of big moments in my career. Rebecca, what else have you been doing during the pandemic? What else? Oh, I'm making a mixtape. I shaved to get this disgusting mustache. I got Coronavirus and I'm feeling good. A lot of staring out the window. So with the lineup booked, I began promoting the show under the one off name, the Stay at Home Show. Let's see if I can get an audience to come out. I'm just going to do it the old fashioned way. Sliding directly into the DMs sent the link directly into my slack with my co workers. Actually, I almost kind of regret agreeing to do this. While I had the rough idea of how to pull off the show, I still had no idea what it was going to actually be like. So to get a feeling of what to expect, I got in touch with Josh Day, a comedian who's been hosting shows over online video since Quarantine. So how many Zoom comedy shows have you done? I've only done two so far. So how many people were on them? I think the first one, we had 16, but we had a bunch more that we had to kick out because we had trolls that came in. Wait, what do you mean, you had trolls? Yeah, they were posting graphic images like porn and animated porn and stuff like that. Holy shit. So what did you do? Well, first I mute them, but they figured out you can unmute yourself. So it's very frustrating. I had to admit, Josh's experience did not make me feel good about this experiment, but the show was the next day and I could not back out. So on it went to put on the show, have this ceramic statue of a gargoyle sucking its own Dick. We found this picture in the trash. This right here. It looks like a packed audience. This feels fine. I'm trying to figure out what to wear for this. I have been poisoned. Please help. I'm dying from poison. Please find a doctor. And I wore this to a party when I was being a Game of Thrones impersonator. I have a suit wearing a suit while talking to a live stream feels very like multilevel marketing company. They have to say Willis, Dong and Spark. Yes. Good. Wow. What a professional set up free the kids from captivity so they can view the show. This is the first live stream show that I've done. I've seen other people do it, and it seems more like a podcast about the online shows is if you bomb it's there forever. But if you do, well, you're immortal. So that's nice. What don't I like about virtual comedy shows? Silence. Did I kill or did I bomb? We don't know. I'll read the comments after thousand people are clapping. Well, thank you guys so much, everybody. Welcome to Zoom Video. This is the Stay at Home Comedy Show. So thank you guys so much for taking the leap of faith here and joining us on a live stream comedy show. Now, I would like to get this comedy train chewing along and bring up our first comedian mental health wise. Despite all the work, I've done with my therapist. Here we go. I'm going to have a kiddie swimmer who's way less fucked up than me. How fucked up is that? I call him all the time. He's like, oh, sorry with my friend friend. Okay, now, everybody, this might be a big mistake, but I'm going to unmute everybody for a little bit so we can all cheer, and then I'm going to mute everybody again. So you're ready? One, two, three. Unmuted. I got, like, hormonal birth control because I didn't do my research. After she gave me this shot, she was like, You're going to lose bone density, and I'm like, bitch. What? I don't feel like I should have to catch osteoporosis so my boyfriend can shoot up the club like that. A couple of months ago, I took myself to a murder mystery dinner, and everyone thought I did it. People who take Greyhound buses are bad. But if you say Greyhound turned you into a bad person, I was one of the Greyhound bus ones. This guy, he, like, gets up and just loses his shit. He's like, yelling, everybody, bus driver is like, Clyde, calm down. They know each other bus driver on a first name basis. White guy. You guys like the murder, but you're saying white women. We just finished the show. So did you have fun tonight? I loved it. Yeah, it was great. It felt really reminiscent of a real show. That was my worst song of my entire career. I just made $25, which is more than I made in most shows in my career. Would you do another virtual show? Oh, absolutely. It did change my opinion, though, because you called me before. It sounds like digital comedy. Boo. Why are we doing this to ourselves? This is fine. After all that work, the show was finally over, and to my surprise, it felt like it went really well. All the comedians seemed to have fun, and all the feedback in the Zoom comments were positive. And also, no trolls came in and ruined the vibe. People are messaging me, telling me how much fun they had. These are like the happiest they felt after a show in a really long time.