Have you been drinking really, the whole time? Like, seriously drinking? No, I just had some. Like when you saw me have some, and now I'm gonna drink some more. You drink out of the bottle, though. My house, my rules. Maybe today is the day that I quit. Hi, guys. Today we're going to be doing a Zoom cooking challenge with Julia, Hess and Chelsea. We're going to be making cheesecake, but they don't know that yet. I gave them a grocery list of all the things that they need, plus a couple that they didn't. So we'll see how they do. They will have nothing to follow along to except my voice. I put on, like, double layers of yogurt. Nobody's going to smell you. That's probably what's going to put you on. And then I was like, that doesn't make sense. I'm drinking coffee and I already had CBD oil today. I'm trying to air out my armpits. I just for fun, would like to hear what you think is going to happen. So we can have a good laugh about this after whatever actually happens. I think everyone's going to do great. I think you all are going to make the best X, Y and Z that we're making today. I told Julia yesterday that I'm really going to try and have a good attitude. I think you have a great attitude test. We love her attitude. I generally have a bad attitude all the time, but I'm going to try to add a good one. Let's read the ingredients. So I had you guys buy a boss of your choice of premade cookies. What did you all buy? Noah? Did we all do Noah? Chelsea, what did you get? Hi, Graham. Oh, dear Lord. It said Ram crackers Miller wafers Oreos a box of cookie or whatever it is, et cetera. Let's move on. Okay. Next we have one citrus fruit of your choice. I didn't know which one to do. That's. Great. And then we have sugar. We have salt somewhere. Yes. Fantastic. Don't mix the two up if they're not labeled. And the teeny did a flower flower. Don't worry about her already. And then we have four eggs. Okay, okay. A little bit of sour cream and a stick of butter and £2 of cream cheese. We have some flavoring or spices of your choosing. Vanilla almond extract. Do you know where the springboard pan is? Thank you. It's my mother. No, but she looks like a Shelley. Oh, Shelley, look at that. Yeah, but I'm ready for disaster. I don't have a springform pan. I have a Pyrex thing, and then it's not even round June. Do we have a rolling pin? Does anybody have any guesses as to why we are gathered here today? Trulia? Yes, Julia, because we're going to make cheesecake. Why? Do you hate it that? No, but that's hard. You'll do great. I saw your Disney video. You're like an A plus chef. Now, like method baking we're going to do this image. I don't really have expectations for myself. That's good. No expectations means no disappointment. Dearly beloved, we are gathered here today to make a classic cheesecake, one of my favorite things ever to eat in life, period. What do we do now? We're going to make the crust, and then we're going to make the cheesecake. But I think first of all, we should Preheat the oven to 325 degrees Fahrenheit. After that, I want you to put cookies into a bag and smash them. Now, depending on what kind of cookies we get, you will be using different amounts because they are different density and volumes. So for the NOAA wafers, we need about two cups of crushed Milla wafers. What about me? I just took a fingerful of butter to the face. My butter is bubbling with a spatula or like a wooden spoon. It doesn't matter to help you. We're just getting melted butter. Should I just put my hair up? Now, a cookie crunch into your bowl. My bag broke. I see that face set. You're going to add your melted butter in, and then you're going to add a large pinch of kosher salt, and then you're going to take your rubber spatula and mix it until it's a cohesive, evenly distributed crumb mixture. Is this too large of a too large of a pinch? Is that an actual pinch? I don't know. Well, I put the cookies in the butt. I put it on the stove. This is what it is right now. Oh, yeah. That's way too far. I feel like it's pretty good. Great. So I want you to take your Springfield pan and not talk to you. But for Tess and Julia, take your Springfield pan and tear off two pieces of foil that is large enough to go up the size of a spring form pan. And then you're going to lay the aluminum foil like a crop like this. So that's a little bit of an overhang. And you're going to put your cake pan right in the middle of that intersection of the foil. And then you're going to guide the foil all the way up the side of the water back. So this is to prevent the water from leaking into the springform pan. So the tighter you get this, the more waterproof your cake will be. We have a lot of foil. Dear Gods, you're aware? Yes. Just go up to size and go up height of a wrap up. Make sure that your foil is lined up with the top of your cake pan. Is it bad if I think it would be funny if Julia had aluminum foil in her cheesecake? Yeah. I mean, that could be a thing if you're deficient in aluminum. That's so vicious. Wait, what do I do for you, Chelsea? You're going to take your pirateness your crust mixture and you're going to sprinkle it all over evenly the bottom of your cake pan. And then you can take a flat bottom measuring cup or some small glass. I'm worried I'm getting too coffee about how well it's going. I'm worried that I'm already failing. So you're doing better than me. Did you say light? Did you say lightly butter it? Yes. Oh, what if it's not light? Would it be the worst thing in the world to have a chunky leaky cheesecake? Okay, we're going to move on to the battery. So in your large Bowl, I want you to swap in your cream cheese. But here's the thing. If your cream cheese is still cold, it's not going to whip very well. And it's not going to get very smooth, and it might still be chunky. So if your cream sheets feel cool to the touch, I want you to just before unwrapping it, mush it in your hand so that you can warm it up a little bit to room temperature. And then after it is warmed up to your desired room temperature, pop it into your large bowl or the bowl of your stand mixer. And we're just going to beat that cream cheese on low, medium speed until it's all smooth. I need to get it all out. Yes. Get it all out. This reminds me of a diaper. I can't stop thinking about it. Maybe today is the day that I quit. Oh, God. Okay, wait. So do we get extra points if we make it pretty? I'm going for the complete package here. It has to be baked, right? It has to have no cracks. It has to have the smoothest mouth feel. So I'm going to have to trust you on the honor system. Tell me how smooth it is when you eat it, and we're going to see how well your fruit compost is. Yeah. Eat it. There you go. Oh, my God. There's no way I'm going to be able to do this. I'm sweating. Pretty sure I have cream cheese in my hair. It's questionable, but is that normal? I want you to go in with a cup of sugar. Yes. And then we're mixing again until it is completely compare yourself to a certain grade of teacher. Would you say you feel like a kindergarten teacher? Would you say kindergarten teacher? You look very weary already. I might be like a middle school teacher, the kind that just roasts kids all day long because of how much they hate their job and how bad adolescents are. I know people who are like, middle school teachers now that are my friends and they get drunk at Applebee's and after. And it's like, I don't know. I'm wondering if that's what my teacher said, too. It was a horrible idea. I'm sweating and I'm about to cry. Chelsea, this is great. We want to see your tears. Is that the salt that we're adding to my cheesecake is just Chelsea's tears. You definitely get like, a loser price. So after your vanilla and salt are in, you're going to go in with one egg at a time. You're using your hand mixer to incorporate the eggs in one at a time. You want to make sure that each egg completely disappears before you add the next one. Okay, I'm panicking. I'm literally panicking that Mister is looking fantastic, Julia, but I'm going to press extra points because she actually cracked eggs into her bowl before adding them into her mixing bowl. You were playing favorites today, June. Just saying, you're a liar. Can we look at that? That was blood, sweat and tears. That is the most fantastic. Oh, my God. Doesn't it look pretty? I thought this was a good idea, and I just want to say to both of you, I'm so sorry. Cool. Once you have your batter that is incorporated with the flour, I want to pour it slowly into your crust. Is that a good idea? That is a good idea. I think that's the only way we're going to Bake that too. Big phone number in. You asked for this. Oh, my God. Let's look at Texas clean teeth bad and going in. It looks so good. It's honestly real lumpy. Louis encouraging you to keep going. He also smells like a wet dog because he went in the mulch Yo. Baking is messy as. Welcome to my life, guys. Welcome to my life. Can I do that thing that you see on TV where you just pound it down so it gets all even. That's what she said. Yes. You can bang your cake on the counter if you want to get rid of aeration. If you don't want to fluffy cheesecake, you can definitely do that. Or you can smooth the top with an offset spatula. It's totally up to you. The next step is going to be putting four cups of water to the boil because we're going to need some hot water for our water bath. So as we're getting ready to Bake this cheesecake, we can make our fruit and nothing now. So if you got berries, go ahead and mince those berries because you don't want gross pesticide on your compost. And if you got an Apple like pest, wash that Apple and I want you to Peel it, core it and chop it into little tiny pieces about half inch. Okay, wait. So you wash them. And then what? You're going to pop it into a pot, a medium or small pot. And you're going to dump in about a quarter cup of sugar. And we're going to take a peeler and take two peels off of your citrus fruit and throw it all in there. Can I just do it in a saucepan instead? Absolutely. I have one pot and we're putting in our fruit. Okay. Sugar too. I can't follow directions. Guys, how do you know if you've been recording the whole time? Oh, no. I'll have water after a while. No, not there yet. I have wine, though. If we were auditioning to be part of your test kitchen. How would we make it? I think I would burn the whole test kitchen down and just leave it all goes in at once, right? Oh, my God. What are you doing? You are not doing that. Just stop. Why? It's fine, right? I'm just going to do a little extra for good luck. I want a super concentrated Ruby compost, so no water. What we're going to do once everybody is ready is we're going to take the Springborn pan. We're going to plop it on our sheet tray, and then we're going to move the sheet tray to the oven. And then we're going to pour water onto the sheet tray once the sheet tray is already in the oven because you do not want to be carrying a thin, shallow sheet tray of boiling water all the way to your oven. I got you. You put it in the oven already. Oh, my God. How much water should I use? As much water as your shooting will hold? Oh, no. Okay. No, but I'm panicking. And when I'm panicking, I don't listen. We're going to set it for an hour and then we're going to check in on it. But it should take an hour and a half. If my calculations are correct, the only thing we haven't used yet is parchment paper. Yes, we will not be needing a parchment paperwork. Water in my water bath in the oven? I don't know. I don't know. It could have evaporated. You honestly sound like an exhausted parent whose child brought home the Ugliest drawing of all time. And you're like that's? Amazing. Please going to hang it on the fridge. Are we timing this? Because I haven't timed an hour since the entry of your key statement to the oven. Okay. How long has it been? Ten minutes. Ten minutes. All right, well, we're going to take a break soon. I think if we can possibly take it right now, clean up, maybe drink some more wine. We've been drinking really? The whole time. Like, seriously, I think. No, I just had some. Like when you saw me have some, and now I'm going to drink some more. You drink out of the bottle, though. My house, my rule. Do you like it? I made a cheesecake on the same surface that I'm just riding around on. How's everyone's cheesecakes doing? I have no idea, because I haven't looked. I haven't looked either. There's water and I'm seeing bubbles on the top. Bring me to the cheesecake. Oh, my God. I'm so scared. Please be careful. Please do not touch the water with your up in this. Okay. You kind of see in there? Yes. Kind of like it looks fine. I don't see bubbles. Bubbles? How's yours? Chest test. Also, like some strange bubbling situation. Kind of in the middle. Okay, but that's okay. My confidence is unshaken. Wait. Now I'm wondering if mine is wrong. Basically, what changes is you develop more color on the crust and you get a slightly higher probability of it cracking later. Mine is two minutes left. What you're doing after your timer goes off? Julia, is you're going to prop open the oven door and let it cool for an hour. Same with you guys. As soon as you see that your cheesecakes are done when you give it a shake and it's a uniform wobble without one part looking washier than the other. And the top looks a little bit dried out and smooth and slightly puffy. I'm talking like a ten degree puffiness. That's done. I mean, I want it to be good. That doesn't care. That doesn't care at all. Good. Tell her how you feel about it. Tell Chelsea. I mean, these are the consequences of our action. First step to being a Cook is taste as you go. See if you like your work, adjust as needed. Yes, Julia. Very sexy. Where is my praise? I haven't gotten any praise. This whole thing. How do you feel about being objectified on the Internet? Objectified? Not fair. The double standard. Hey, Dean, I usually just feel dead inside. I think you're doing much better than you think you are. Chelsea, do we need to worry about this, Chelsea? All I want you to do is to see that the top of your cheesecake is matte. It's uniformly puffy and it's uniformly wobbly. That means your cheesecake is done. At that point, you can turn off your oven, cross the door open and just let it cool. It'll be fine, but we turn off the thing. Do I use a wand or, like, a spoon? Anything you can to keep the door open? June sounds like my therapist right now, especially with Chelsea on the floor. Do you think that Dean will come back down again? Truthfully, no, I think he's done with it. Tell him you're not recording and I'll just sit here silently. No. Part of that is like at the roller queue, but we can do it. Can we have cheesecake and coffee? No. Okay. How do we feel about Bay? Love it. Actually, I do like that for you. Yes, it's kind of cool. This is such a trash fire. I feel crazy. So right now it looks like Julie has already taken her cheesecake out of the oven. I have. Fantastic. Okay, now what? Oh, she looks good. That looks great. Yeah, it's kind of like the leaf itself from the side. That is exactly what it's supposed to do. What do I do? You do not. It smells like a blend. Like a ricotta filled blimp. That sounds like it for me. Well, how about if I ate a little bit of it? Normally, a cheesecake should chill in the fridge for four to 6 hours. Oh, boy. So I'm thinking we let it chill in the fridge for half an hour to an hour, and then we move it to the freezer so that we can cut into it sooner. I guess this is the time when we pull out our cake. Yes, we should probably do it now, right. How do they look without a single cracker, which is pretty damn so cold hole crap. Yes, that is the first thing that I will notice that all three of you produce a well colored, well baked cheesecake. I think without a single crack, which is pretty damn amazing because I'm not going to name names, but I've seen food stylist crack cheesecake. Have you ever cracked a cheesecake, too? Oh, yeah. I've definitely cracked a cheesecake. I've broke the cheesecake. I've leaked water into a cheesecake. I've under baked a cheesecake. I've eaten all of those mistakes. Cheesecakes. But to be clear, there's still many things that could go wrong. Now, there's so many things that could go wrong, but it's going to be cheesecakes nonetheless. So we're perfect because we have edible cheesecakes now looks damn good. So interesting. I feel Juliet way taller than maybe it's because we have a deeper plate test. You said to beat it. Beat it more if you want. It fluffier, right? Versus New York is more dense. It looks like a sad lawn. It's hard. It's like a rock. Exactly. It's pretty hard. This is, like, not going anywhere. I'm so excited, guy. I'm stressing. They look so beautiful. I'm so proud of all of you. Have we exceeded expectations? It's literally perfect. The corner is missing. That looks perfect, too. No, it's not happy with it. This is the first place. Look at that. I could try right now if I had tears left. No, don't even try. Come on, Julia. I did it. It's fine. I dropped it, but it looks. It's still perfect. We're not done yet, and she doesn't even need instructions on how to solve. Look at that. No instructions. You don't need a teacher. Why am I even here for it? Look at this. We need judges. I can't taste it. You're going to make me bring in my mom, who I just insulted. I'm bringing in my dad. Like, I don't know what to do. He doesn't like cheesecake. Okay, well, never mind. Thank you so much for your time. He is obviously not the dream man that the Internet thinks he is. If he doesn't like cheese, do you hear this? He just goes better than expected. You should definitely try buyers. You're eating the entire thing. What are they looking for? Well, actually, I looked very closely to when mom and dad sliced into the cheesecake. Julia's cheesecake looks like it's like, so nicely. Like it was just pure, nice level of airiness. Tessa is a little bit less airy, but it's super creamy, and I love the color on Tessa's crust. Absolutely gorgeous. Golden color. I can't pick a winner, though. No many hours for you to not pick a winter, ma'am. Honestly, I really wanted one of you to sail so bad. Like drop water into the cheesecake, crack your pie dish, have a slide out of the refrigerator when you were taking it out. None of it failed. So I feel like I was the one who got played today. In the end, it was June all along. Chelsea, however, is like, exceedingly surprising at how much she did not have on hand and how well she came out of the Bake with. That is a glorious piece of cheesecake. My heart goes, I think, to Julia's cheesecake, but I would want to eat it with Tessa's Apple's topping because that Apple topping has butter in it. Yeah, that's fair. I understand I have disappointed my mother. Once again. She's now feeding the dog right next to her. I honestly think nobody lost today, but Julia definitely won in my heart. We did it, guys. This was a day we really didn't. You're on my second glass of wine. Everyone who's going to wash. This is going to be like, Congrats. You made a cheesecake. Whatever.